Updated fig4 results, new supp. material, increased focus on name origin analysis (#11)
greenelab/nature_news_manuscript: content/05.discussion.md

Our findings provide additional support for previous studies that identified under-citation [@doi:10.1101/2020.10.12.336230] and under-recognition [@doi:10.1101/2020.04.14.927251] of East Asian people.
Interestingly, we found under-citation of people with predicted East Asian name origins to be much less pronounced than under-quotation.
We do not believe that the under-quotation is driven by paraphrasing sources, which may occur more frequently with non-native English speakers.
We also found that the disparity observed in quotes and mentions was almost eliminated when only considering people that were additionally cited within the same article.
This suggests that the source of the disparity may lie in the search for additional expert opinions.
Given that this disparity was more pronounced in _The Guardian_ and its more general target audience, it is possible that the increase in disparity could be driven by fewer citations than in _Nature_ articles.
However, due to limitations in the API to access _The Guardian_, it remains future work to identify and analyze citations in that publication outlet.

> Either way, the clear disparity of predicted East Asian quotes and mentions argues for better source coverage when seeking opinions beyond the academic papers being covered in the article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either way, the clear disparity of predicted East Asian researcher quotes and mentions argues for including a broader set of voices when seeking opinions beyond the academic papers being covered in the article.
```

One solution could be to have region-specific journalists. 

> This is supported by our analysis of journalists with a predicted East Asian name origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we were not directly able to examine the regions journalists lived in, this potential strategy is supported by our analysis of journalists with a predicted East Asian name origin.
```
